it's Cary Hutchins
I heard she got breast reductions
what it's like slapping God across the
face you had back problems man meet Seth
give me bigger clothes or do you only
shop at babyGap Evan and 400 cases was
so guys three lifelong friends that are
about to go their separate ways tonight
is our last party as high school people
you know when you hear girls saying like
ah I was so gone that side I shouldn't
have slept with that guy we could be
that mistake from Columbia Pictures
I still think you have a chance with
jules van yeah you're coming to my party
in there right yeah why should I not go
can you get us booze yeah I can't
that'll be awesome
plus you know you scratch our backs
we'll scratch yours then we're gonna get
a drinks on we're gonna party get crunk
and brought out the guy who brought you
the 40 year old virgin get my brand-new
fake ID doesn't even have a first name
it just says McLovin I am full up in
there holy shit they busted forward here
ID
McLovin and that's a cool name really
good badass this September happening did
you think yourself yourself fool
how bad do you want it
you're what super bad you're like the
coolest person that's ever talked to me
and I blew it
when you didn't blow it I think maybe